This is a step by step guide thru for the PetSaver 1.0 - Pet Adoption Scaler

Data set is obtained from a Kaggle Competition. petsaver.my data. 
This code and analyses were never submited to competition. 
The reason behind this project is pure research and curiosity.

Each Jupyter Notebook cell has also its own comment lines.

Original data file is in csv, format. 
It is read to pandas dataframe and EDA, statistical anaylses and ML models applied.

df -> initial data field, untouched for the EDA.
label dictionaries -> some was in csv format, some coded as dictionary, manually.

Data shape is:

RangeIndex: 14993 entries, 0 to 14992
Data columns (total 24 columns)

Most of the variables are numeric coded, categorical variables. 
Descriptives for categorical variables checked additionally.

At first glance Fee variable has wide range and possible outliers. 
Box plots and a scatter plot confirmed that there are outliers in the Fee variable.

All possible outlier cases, inspected individually.
Possible definitive factors for fee, might be Breed and Location, and average and medians are compared.
Data is highly imbalanced because most of the cases are free. 
Outliers are decided by selecting the cases are not free.

Outlier cases are removed from the data.

Count plots shown for the ease of the data distributions, and possible outlier detection.

To help the computation speed, text data is removed from the data frame, until further analyse. 
For the basic statistical analysis and ML aplications, these string data will be omitted.

Plot by plot, explanation about data distribution and outlier detection has done.
Outlier cases checked individually and real outliers are removed from the df.

Fee < 1000
Age < 150 
Maturity Size < 4
Health < 3

Overall scatter matrix plot also, plotted to be able to glance any possible correlations,
both between variables and target variable.

Kruskal-Wallis test checked there is a difference between cats and dogs. NOT SURE ABOUT THIS TEST THOUGH.

Crosstabs for all variables and details explained. Some possible correlations and interesting data gatherings noted.
